/*
 * Created by Jessica Pan on 10/28/2018
 * CruzID: jeypan 
 * PA3
 * CMPS101
 *
 */
 
Sparse.java
	Sparse.java represents the top level client of Matrix, which itself is the client of List.
	It isn't itself a direct client of List, since it doesn't need to call any List operations.
	Sparse reads in an input file with information	about 2 matrices and manipulate the data,
	and write it back into an output file. This file was implemented by me.

Matrix.java
	Matrix.java is an implementation of Matrix ADT that's written by me. It creates a matrix by creating an 
	array of Lists of Empty Objects and these Lists are maintained in column sorted order. It contains 
	operations that allow for us to manipulate matrices by addition, subtraction, multiplication, scalar 
	multiplication,	transpose, copy, equals changeEntry and toString. It also includes a helper private 
	funtion for assisting the operations implemented.
	
List.java
	List is an ADT, written by me, that contains a doubly linked List of objects. List is modified from pa1 
	and the objects referred to by these List elements will be defined in the Matrix ADT.

MatrixTest.java
	MatrixTest is a test client for Matrix ADT to test the edge cases of Matrix for any bugs. It also calls
	all the methods in Matrix to test if they work properly too.

ListTest.java
	ListTest is a test client for List ADT to test for the edge cases in List for any bugs. It also calls all
	the methods of List to test for any errors.

Makefile
	Makefile compiles the files of this assignment, cleans certain files in the directory and submits them as well. This file makes sure 
	that your code in your files function properly. This was file was provided by our professor and we were allowed to alter it.

README
	README provides a description of each the different files used in this assignment (it's also the file that you're currently reading right now).
	It also provides any commands that are used to run certain files in this assignment.